(slow orchestral music)
(airplane engines roaring)
(slow orchestral
music continues)
(traffic roars)
(slow orchestral
music continues)
(Kiki sighs)
(slow orchestral
music continues)
(doorbell buzzes)
(slow piano music)
How long do they say he has?
A day, two.
Could be any time.
Do you think he can hear us?
I don't think so, though,
I think he hears music.
He'll squeeze my hand sometimes
when I put on Bach or
his favorite Beethoven.
I'm glad you came, Kiki.
(slow orchestral music)
Me too.
How's your mother?
Sad.
And Chuck?
Sad too, I think.
Well, how long has it been?
Since their divorce?
No, since we last visited you,
or, rather, since Michael did.
- It had to be at
least five years ago,
right before Dad left Mom.
(slow orchestral
music continues)
And how's Alan?
- He's good, he's on
tour in Australia.
He'll be gone for a while.
What's for a while?
- Six, seven weeks, maybe
longer if they sell out.
Oh, that's a long time.
I know.
I'm,
I'm so sorry we lost touch
these past few years.
Earl died, you know?
We heard.
In a bar fight.
(both laughing)
That I didn't know.
He could never stay away
from the John Barleycorn,
as he put it.
But he sure could fly a plane.
That he could.
Michael was never happier
than when he was up
in the air with him.
I don't think I ever
saw Michael happier
than the day he came home
from making his first
perfect landing.
(Kiki laughs)
Seems a lifetime ago.
(slow piano music)
(slow orchestral music)
(airplane engine rumbles)
- [Earl] I could
go for some coffee.
- [Michael] I just
made what is probably
the most perfect landing
this old tub has ever seen,
and that's all that you can say?
- [Earl] Well, maybe
a big piece of pie.
- Okay, now, I know
what I did wrong.
Let's go back up, I
want to get it right.
You got it right.
I want to get it perfect.
(Earl laughs)
- Perfect, (laughs) he
wants to get it perfect.
Listen, you can practice
all the landings
you want on your solo.
Solo?
It was perfect, wasn't it?
- Yeah, I think maybe
I'll have a couple
of big scoops of ice
cream, too. (laughs)
(slow orchestral music)
(slow music)
Mount Samsonite.
- We're only gonna
be gone a week.
- Well, we could take the kids
or we could take the luggage.
Hmm, take the kids.
Good choice. (laughs)
Jan, these parents
think you're a genius
for getting the kids
out of the house
during spring vacation.
- It's not the choir
tour that's doing it.
It's the two days of skiing
we dangled in front of them.
Oh, you're being modest.
I mean, we've never
had a choir director
to get these kids to
sound so fantastic.
- I tell them Bruce Springsteen
got his start singing
in a church choir.
He did, didn't he?
(Jan laughs)
Sweetie, what are you doing?
Kicking the tires.
Any particular reason?
- Daddy always does it
before we take a trip.
- Oh, we're gonna
miss him, aren't we?
I'm worried about Daddy.
A whole week, he
could starve to death.
(Jan laughs)
- Why don't we go
give him a call?
- Okay.
- Okay, (laughs) come on.
(overlapping chattering)
(slow country music)
- That's fine.
(overlapping chattering)
Would you like some coffee?
Oh, no, thanks.
- Well, at least he
didn't auger us in.
Airplane's all in one piece,
but the landing gear does look
a little like a squashed bug.
- Like a bug, huh?
- Oh, what do you mean?
It was perfect, you know,
I could have walked out
on the wing and watched.
It would have landed itself.
- Mm-hmm, you let me know
before you do that, okay?
- Well, that crosswind
didn't seem to bother you.
Oh, no, don't let it fool you.
There was six knots of
crosswind out there, huh?
Did you see me land?
- [Chuck] It looked good from-
- You see, he said
it was perfect.
- Any landing he can walk
away from is perfect.
- Oh, yeah, oops.
(phone beeps)
A phone call, a
phone call, here.
You guys see that
strong front up north?
- No.
- What, north of here?
- Yeah, it looked hung
up over the mountains.
It'll bring a little
precip, though.
You weather boys better
keep an eye out, now.
- Hey, look at this guy,
he's dropping like an anvil.
[Earl] Like on a pogo stick.
- Yeah, he's going up and
down and up and down and up
- and down and up and down.
- You watch,
next thing you know, he'll be
in here, bragging about it.
You're darn right, yeah.
I'll see you later, Chuck.
[Chuck] You bet.
That's good pie.
- Come along, Yeager,
we gotta go to work.
- Oh, I just want to sit here
and think about that landing.
- [Earl] Yeah, well,
knock yourself out.
- You know, it was perfect,
it was absolutely perfect.
- Daddy, can Jennifer
spend the weekend
with us when we get back?
- Well, I don't mind if
it's okay with Mommy.
It's okay with Mommy.
Jennifer's mommy
moved away last week.
Her dad's not home
much of the time.
Oh, all right, well, we'll,
we'll do something fun, okay?
- Okay, I love you,
Daddy. (kisses)
- [Chuck] I love
you, too, pumpkin.
Here's Mommy again.
Chuck, the bus is packed,
so they're loading the sound
equipment in the Blazer.
- [Chuck] Oh, well, I guess
you'll have to take it.
Listen, uh, tell Dennis
that there's a chance
of snow at about 9,000
feet in the mountains.
- [Jan] I will, I gotta run,
the caravan's pulling out.
Talk to you soon.
(slow orchestral music)
- Honey, you know, maybe
it wouldn't be a bad idea
to wait until in the morning,
just to see what that
storm's gonna do.
- We'd have to cancel
our first concert.
Everything will be
just fine, Chuck.
The show must go on, remember?
I'll call you tomorrow.
[Chuck] Honey.
What?
- Um, well, nothing, just,
well, (stammer) good luck.
(Chuck laughs)
And break your legs, or
whatever that is they say, okay?
Drive safely.
Bye, love you. (kisses)
(wind whistles)
I'm hungry.
Alan!
- We thought you
were on the bus.
- With all those little
Twinkies, yippee.
We're gonna have fun.
- You know it, how's
my girlfriend doing?
(Kiki giggles)
- [Jan] You don't want to
ride with the other kids?
- Look, I don't mind
doing the sound and stuff,
and sometimes their
singing doesn't want
to make me throw up too bad,
but I'm not gonna hang out
with those (indistinct).
Ooh, what's that?
- You like it,
pretty gnarly, huh?
It's geeky looking.
You don't like it?
Does this mean you're not
my girlfriend anymore?
I guess not. (laughs)
I guess not.
Mommy, did you see this?
- It's, it's a very
pretty earring.
(car engine revs)
- [Children] Bye!
(children screaming)
(slow orchestral music)
(slow violin music)
Bravo. (cheers)
No, (laughs) it was terrible.
(Michael whistles)
(Michael cheers)
That was great.
[Laura] It was terrible.
- It's incredible,
I can't believe
you still remember that piece.
Only every third bar.
- How'd this happen,
huh, my darling.
I just felt like playing.
- Ah, and it felt-
- It felt good.
Ooh, it felt good.
(Laura laughs)
- I shouldn't have tried
the Tchaikovsky, though.
It was too ambitious.
- Oh, but darling,
it was beautiful.
- Yes?
- It was very, very beautiful.
I even had tears in my eyes.
I don't believe you, no.
- Yes, I did, I
cried over there,
- I never showed you my-
- You're in such a good mood.
What happened to you today?
What do you mean?
Huh, yeah, what happened?
Why, what do you mean?
- 'Cause you're in
such a good mood.
I made aviation history!
I made a perfect
landing. (laughs)
It was perfect, it was perfect.
[Laura] Really perfect, huh?
It was incredible. (laughs)
And I, oh, and I drove
Earl crazy. (sings)
Listen to this, I
kept humming. (sings)
(slow piano music)
♪ I just made a
perfect landing ♪
♪ I just most a
♪ I just made a
perfect landing ♪
♪ I just made a perfect landing,
made a perfect landing ♪
♪ I just made a
perfect landing ♪
♪ I've just made a
Huh?
Bravo, (claps) bravo!
- Oh, where are
the (indistinct)?
Was it, uh, really perfect?
- It, (stammers)
well, it was good.
It was very good and
it was beautiful.
I love it.
You don't know what
it's like up there.
Really, I have to get
you up there, you okay?
Yeah, just a chill.
We haven't had too
many good days.
We've got this one.
Hold that thought.
He was so happy that day.
You'd think he'd flown to
the moon and back. (sighs)
Seems like he spent every
spare minute he had up there
in the air with Earl.
(slow piano music)
Used to fly with
Chuck, too, remember?
- No, but the one
thing I do remember is
that I had this little girl
crush on Alan. (laughs)
And that Aussie accent.
Oh.
(both laughing)
- We married a
couple of charmers.
We did.
- You still have no
memory of that night?
No, but the doctors say
that it's not that
unusual. (laughs)
What, (laughs) what?
- The only thing that I remember
is those silly little songs
we used to sing, like.
♪ There is a hole in
the bottom of the sea ♪
Or.
♪ Row, row, row your boat
gently down the stream ♪
♪ Merrily, merrily,
merrily, merrily ♪
♪ Life is but a dream
(both laughing)
It seems a lifetime ago.
(slow piano music continues)
- You know, Dad never
did forgive her.
Forgive her for what?
[Kiki] The accident.
- The accident
wasn't Jan's fault.
- Mom said that she
never even saw it coming.
We rarely do,
see the danger, that
is, until it's too late.
- Hmm, ooh, I've
gotta go, I'm late.
- Uh, do you want me to cook
you some eggs or something?
Yeah, that'd be great.
You know, I just didn't
say it was perfect.
Chuck Scott said it
was perfect, too.
Who's Chuck Scott? (laughs)
- He's a guy who
works at the airport.
- Oh, hey, by the
way, do you know
what happened to the money
I left on the mantel?
- Yeah, I paid her
off with the airplane,
the gas and the oil, stuff
like that, you know, why?
It was $40 there. (laughs)
Well, I'll pay you back.
[Laura] It's not important.
I said I'd pay you back.
- Look, I was just
going shopping
and I thought maybe I'd
lost it or something-
- I get paid on Fridays,
that soon enough?
Mike, please.
I gotta go, it's late.
- It'll just take a minute
to cook you an omelet.
- [Michael] No, I
gotta get dressed.
I'm late, and I'm
not hungry anyway.
(slow orchestral music)
♪ There are a log
♪ There's a log in the hole
in the bottom of the sea ♪
♪ In the bottom of the sea
(slow orchestral
music continues)
(children squealing)
(overlapping chattering)
♪ And crown thy good
with brotherhood ♪
♪ From sea to shining sea
(group laughs)
Come on, Alan, sing with us.
No, that's okay.
[Jan] Oh, come on, it's fun.
- Nobody really believes
that God and motherhood
and apple pie stuff,
one push of a button,
and the whole world's
gonna get blown to bits.
- Oh, no, God would never
let anybody do that.
♪ Row, row, row your boat
gently down the stream ♪
♪ Merrily, merrily,
merrily, merrily ♪
♪ Life is but a dream
(wind whistles)
- [Michael] Can we really
make money that way?
- Hey, there are some big
bucks to be made, my friend.
Look, all we have to do
is fly these jokers up
into the mountains, they
hunt, fish, backpack,
watch the birdies, whatever.
A week later, we go back
and pick them up, easy.
But is there any money in it?
- Look, all we have
to do is advertise
in the big newspapers back east,
we've got more business than
we can handle, I promise you.
(patient moans)
Take it easy, buddy,
it's just a leg.
(Michael whistles)
Where's Dr. Mick?
He told me not to wake him
for anything less than
a heart transplant.
If we use him as a donor,
then we wouldn't have
to wake him, would we?
(secretary laughs)
(Michael whistles)
- Dietrich, you have no
respect for the dead.
♪ We have got another
skier special ♪
- Is it tibia,
fibular, or femur?
[Michael] Femur.
Trauma to the knee?
Not evident.
Hypothermia?
[Michael] Nope.
- Well, I don't know
what it was like
when you were in medical school,
but by the time I
finished my second year,
I could set a simple
closed fracture
with my hands behind my back.
- And what is that
supposed to mean?
- I just happened to be going
through some personnel files.
You completed two years at
Columbia Medical School.
(slow piano music)
That was a long time ago.
I was just curious
as to why a capable young
man like you would want
to work in a small
town clinic like this.
(slow piano music continues)
- I thought the personnel
files were confidential,
you know, between me and
the personnel department.
- Yeah, well, it is, yes,
it is, it certainly is.
But Dietrich, I am the
personnel department.
[Michael] Oh!
- Oh, all right, all
right, I'm coming. (sighs)
(slow piano music continues)
(slow orchestral music)
(slow piano music)
You were ranked
seventh in your class,
started missing lectures,
did poorly on exams,
and eventually, you quit.
- Don't let him
bother you, Mike.
He's always bothering me.
- Well, you know, he's
always getting involved
with things that, you know,
just are none of his business.
And, uh, someday I
just, you know, (sighs)
well, I think I'll
go home and eat.
(slow piano music continues)
(ominous orchestral music)
(glass shatters)
(ominous orchestral
music continues)
[Jan] Oh my God, Kiki?
Oh, Alan!
[Alan] What happened?
[Jan] Oh, Kiki!
(door creaks)
(fire crackles)
(Michael sings)
(slow piano music)
♪ Forgive me, again,
if I offended ♪
♪ And turned something
right into up and dead ♪
♪ Modeled what
was comprehended ♪
♪ But the 15th time will
be a different thing ♪
♪ Forgive me, I know
how I've been foolish ♪
♪ And turned something
hot into coolish ♪
♪ I was so childish
and cruel-ish ♪
♪ But the 15th time will
be a different thing ♪
♪ I'm ashamed, I'm ashamed
♪ I'm a louse, I'm a louse
♪ I can't believe some
of the things that I do ♪
♪ Not just to you
♪ Do you think just once more
♪ You could love and adore
♪ Instead of a new
♪ One last time
♪ Just entre nous
♪ Forgive me, then,
please try and trust me ♪
♪ And I promise
not to disgust me ♪
♪ You and me will
just adjust me ♪
♪ And the 15th time will
be a different thing ♪
♪ The 15th time will
♪ The 15th time will be
♪ A different thing
(slow piano music continues)
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
[Michael] Is that for me?
Maybe.
(Laura laughs)
Go sit down, I'll
get you dinner.
[Dennis] Kiki!
[Jan] Kiki!
You kids stay with the bus.
[Jan] Kiki?
Kiki!
[Dennis] Jan, you all right?
[Jan] We can't find Kiki!
[Dennis] What?
(Jan trembles)
- [Jan] She's under, she's
under here, help me, help me!
- Oh, it's just something
from Mother and Dad.
They're just trying
to help, Mike.
(Michael sighs)
I'm not believing this.
[Laura] What?
- You remember Gary Culver
from medical school?
He's teaching medicine
at a university here.
He's teaching medicine,
he could barely spell it.
- Isn't he the guy
that you brought up
to Boston to hear me play?
- Yeah, and he wants
me to come and lecture
to his class about
emergency medicine. (laughs)
That's great.
Maybe he could help you get
back into medical school.
- I don't need Gary Culvert to
get back into medical school.
- Um, I just mean
scholarships and things.
I know what that's all about.
I ran rings around
him in medical school.
I had to tutor
him on every exam.
Now he's a doctor, he's a big
deal professor of medicine,
and what am I, huh?
Just an ambulance driver,
if it was up to
them, Jesus Christ.
- You're a
physician's assistant.
Maybe he respects you, do
you ever think of that?
Oh, honey, please.
You know that no medical school
in the world would
have a PA like me talk
to a medical class about
emergency medicine.
- Well, it just seems
like a good opportunity.
I thought when you took
this job at the clinic
that you'd be working your
way back into medical school.
Hey, listen, you know,
no more about medical
school, all right?
First McCafferty, then
you and, uh. (laughs)
- Well, I think we
need to talk about it.
- Well, maybe I don't want
to go to medical school.
You ever think of that?
Maybe I want to
do something else.
Earl has an idea, you
know, he's got an idea.
Maybe it's good, I don't know.
What idea?
- Well, what's the number
one industry in this area?
It's tourism, people come here,
they want to fish and
they want to hunt,
they want to enjoy the mountains
and the trees and the lakes and
they can't get there by car.
Now what if there's an outfit
that can fly them there?
See, Earl has the experience,
I'm getting my license.
We get a few thousand
dollars together,
buy some pontoon skis for
the plane, we'll be all set.
You know, we just
build a reputation,
and then we'll
have more business
than we know how to handle.
It's an incredible opportunity.
What do you think?
(Laura scoffs)
You can't be serious.
[Michael] Why not?
Well, Earl I can understand.
He's got nothing better
to do than sit around,
drink beer, and tell stupid
stories about his ex-wife
and his Navy pilot days.
But Mike, you could be
anything you want to be.
You could be a
doctor, you could be-
I'm doing the best I can!
(silverware clanking)
- I want us to go back
to New York, Mike.
(Michael sighs)
- Laura, we've talked
about this before.
We are not going
back to New York.
- I may not ever be able
to play well enough again
to have a career, but (sighs)
I'm ready to go back to work.
I miss it, I miss all
of it, the practice,
the dedication, the-
- Hold on, you
can practice here,
and we've got a
wonderful life here.
We ski, we hike-
- I don't want to do
it, I'm sick of it!
I feel cut off, isolated.
I want to go back,
I want to audition
for the Chamber Orchestra again-
Fine, audition anywhere,
but we're not going
back to New York!
- When are we gonna
stop running away?
Ever since Jamie died-
- No, don't, stop
it right there.
(slow violin music)
I've told you, just
don't bring that up.
Everything's going along fine,
and you gotta bring this up.
You know, you just
don't understand.
You will never,
never understand.
- No, you're the one
who won't let go!
You have to stop
blaming yourself.
(slow violin music continues)
Mike, come back.
I am sick of chasing after you!
Then stop chasing.
(slow violin music continues)
(people shouting)
(slow orchestral music)
[Group] Push!
(slow orchestral
music continues)
(Jan cries)
(wind whistles)
(siren wails)
(slow violin music)
(slow orchestral music)
- [Jan] Five one thousand,
one one thousand,
two one thousand,
three one thousand,
four one thousand,
five one thousand.
(quiet overlapping chattering)
(slow orchestral
music continues)
Okay, start CPR.
We've got a pulse, Earl!
(slow orchestral
music continues)
Is anyone else injured?
[Jan] No, we're all right.
- She was under the car,
we couldn't get her out.
[Michael] Are you all right?
It's okay.
- Okay, I need, I need
one person on each corner, all right?
At least four people.
Now, pick that oxygen up and
bring it up with me, all right?
Now, one, two, three, lift.
Easy, easy, all right.
Okay.
Easy.
(slow orchestral
music continues)
(slow piano music)
(slow orchestral music)
- I still can't believe
they found me under the car.
And alive.
Mom said it was a miracle.
Michael thought so, too.
And you?
- Oh, I do, but-
But what?
- Well, sometimes miracles
just don't end up the way
you think they will.
- Then why do they
call them miracles?
- Well, because they're
rare and beautiful,
but we're stubborn and we
go back to our old ways
and we forget what the purpose
of the miracle was
in the first place.
What was the purpose of mine?
I'm not sure.
There was a time I
was sure, but now,
I'm not so sure.
Me neither.
(slow orchestral
music continues)
- I wonder if I should
have left Michael.
Why didn't you?
I suppose
'cause I loved him.
(slow piano music)
Isn't that always the answer?
Kiki, dear, do you know why
your father left your mother?
Yes.
[Laura] Then why was that?
I don't know if I should,
unless, if-
Unless I know?
Yes.
I know.
You do?
- When you've lost
something dear to you,
it becomes like an
unwelcome friend,
and you can always sense when
it's coming around again.
(siren wails)
[Michael] How old is she?
Six.
- [Michael] Keep it
on the road, Earl!
Kiki.
Oh.
(dramatic orchestral music)
- [Earl] Unit two to base,
unit two to base, over.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
Come on, McCafferty, come on.
What happened?
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
(Dr. McCafferty mumbles)
- [Earl] You're
on the box, Mike.
Look, doc, yeah, we got a, uh,
six-year-old female,
condition critical,
blunt trauma to the
neck, possibly chest,
probable with head injury,
and unconscious without
spontaneous respiration.
Unequal pupils,
disheveled posturing,
and a possible
intracerebral edema
and a possible hemathorax, over.
- [Dr. McCafferty]
What do you think?
- She's got a pronounced
(indistinct) edema, doctor.
I've given her
Maltitol and Decadron,
and her hypothermia's
what's keeping her going,
but if it reverses, we've
got out hands full, over.
(background noise
drowns out speaker)
- [Dr. McCafferty] I'm
trusting your judgment, doctor.
- I'm pushing down
her now at half a gram
and I can't catch it.
- [Dr. McCafferty] All right,
(indistinct), but slowly.
- I'd like to use some Valium
in one milligram doses, over.
- [Dr. McCafferty]
Okay, go ahead.
- What's happening,
why doesn't it stop?
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
- [Michael] Now
keep that steady.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
- [Dr. McCafferty] Get
her on the respirator
and the cardiac monitor.
I need test films, head and
neck, and blood gadgets, stat.
(phone rings)
(machinery beeps)
Don't go too far,
Dietrich, I may need you.
Excuse me.
How are you doing?
I need to call my husband.
He works at Clearwater
Airport, I'm sure
- you could get someone-
- Clearwater, yeah,
I know Clearwater,
I fly up there.
Who's your husband?
Chuck Scott.
You're Chuck Scott's wife?
Well, when Dr. McCafferty gets
your little girl stabilized,
we're gonna fly her out of here.
We're gonna take her to
the Regional Trauma Center
and Chuck can meet
us there, okay?
Okay.
- Now, they've got the
best diagnostic tools
in the whole country and
one of the best staffs,
so you call him right there,
the phone's over there
- in the office.
- Okay.
- All right, and tell him
we're doing everything we can.
Thanks.
(machinery beeps)
- It's hard to tell
without a CT scan
and an EEG the amount of
brain damage she's suffered,
but you did a nice
job, Dietrich,
getting the edema and the
seizures under control.
She's got a chance.
(monitor flatlines)
Code blue, we got
a cardiac arrest.
(dramatic orchestral music)
Let Dietrich do that.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
Clear.
Is she all right?
- [Dr. McCafferty]
Kids, get out of here.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
Repeat the (indistinct).
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
Clear.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
- God, please
don't let Kiki die.
Clear.
(machinery beeps)
Earl, call the medevac guys,
tell them to get here stat.
(slow orchestral music)
What are you doing here?
I've made a decision.
I'm going to my
sister's in New York.
Right now?
Well, I'm catching the shuttle
into the city for a
nine o'clock flight.
I'm leaving, Mike.
- Oh, Laura, please-
- Look, you say you're
happy here, I'm not.
I can't talk right now.
Wait until I get back.
- [Earl] Mike, come
on, we're ready to go.
Okay.
What's going on here?
- We've got a patient,
a little girl.
There's not much hope,
but we're gonna move her
to the trauma center.
- [Dr. McCafferty]
Let's go, Dietrich.
- Okay, wait 'til I get
back and we'll talk.
Please.
- You're going with
her, aren't you?
You've gotta go with her.
(slow orchestral music)
(airplane engine roars)
(slow orchestral
music continues)
How you doing?
- I'm trying to convince
myself this isn't all my fault.
- Keep trying, these
things, they just happen.
I know, but why Kiki?
She's such a sweet little girl.
- It's not your fault, the
roads are terrible now.
- My husband told me
to wait another day.
I should have listened.
Well, that won't help any.
Believe me, I've been down
that road a million times.
It's all I can think about.
Do you have any children?
I had a son.
He was two,
and there was an
accident, a fall
down the stairs
of our brownstone.
You know, a day doesn't
go by when I don't think
of what I could have
done differently then.
(Michael sighs)
But it won't bring him back.
I'm so sorry. (cries)
- So don't blame
yourself, you know,
Kiki wouldn't want that.
- She'd be more concerned
about me than I am of her.
- Yeah, that's a
way to look at it.
All right, there you go,
think about what Kiki
would say to you.
- What would your
son say to you?
- Well, you know, he
was something, he'd say,
you know kids, they come
out with things, and...
- [Jan] What would
you say to him?
Oh, that's easy, I,
I'd say "I love you" about
a million times, (cries)
and I'd say, "I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry,"
and maybe he could believe
me, you know? (cries)
I know he'd believe you.
Will you stay with
Kiki when we get there?
(Michael sighs)
- Well, you know, they
got the best doctors
in the country there,
so there's nothing for
you to worry about.
[Jan] Will you?
I...
Yes, of course I will.
- We all know Kiki's in bad
shape, she needs our help.
Let's all pray for Kiki.
(airplane engine roars)
- It's very weak, but she's
breathing on her own now.
(slow orchestral music)
(traffic roars)
[Chuck] Kiki Scott.
- [Announcer] Dr. Davis,
telephone, please.
Dr. Davis, telephone, please.
- This is Dr. Leighton at
the Regional Trauma Center.
Let me speak to Dr. McCafferty.
Hello, Mac, how are you?
I need some information,
this Scott girl you sent us.
- [Dr. McCafferty]
She didn't make it?
- She made it through, in fact,
she's considerably improved.
That's what I wanted
to ask you about.
Her CT scan's negative,
no focus of bleeding,
only a cerebral edema.
There's a pneumothorax
in the left chest,
but that was taken care
of by the chest tube.
Mac, this girl's
going to be fine.
What do you mean fine?
So she's out of the coma?
[Dr. Leighton] Yes.
She's breathing voluntarily?
- What about the seizures,
the cardiac arrest?
[Dr. Leighton] Nothing.
- [Dr. McCafferty]
It's not possible.
- [Dennis] She's
gonna be all right!
(group cheers)
(Dr. McCafferty laughs)
- I don't believe it, I
just don't believe it.
Gelling, I'm sorry,
what is it again?
- Would you go over your
records with me again?
We must be missing something.
[Chuck] Perfect landing, sir.
She'll be all right?
- She's fine, she's
a little beat up,
but no brain damage,
no spinal cord damage.
I think she's
gonna be just fine.
Well, how about that?
Yeah.
(group laughs)
Thanks.
I can't begin to tell you.
She's quite a little girl.
[Jan] You saved her life.
Can I go in and see her?
- Sure.
- Oh.
(slow piano music)
(slow violin music)
- On that airplane, when
they were taking you
to St. Joe's,
something happened.
It was, it was as if when you
started breathing on your own,
Michael started breathing again.
After years of blaming
and crucifying himself,
he was finally able to
make peace about the loss
of our precious little boy.
- That must have been
really hard on you two.
Oh, it was.
It was hard enough
to lose Jamie,
but then to lose
Michael, too, it was-
- Mother used to say
when, when he saved me,
he saved himself.
No, she would know, I guess.
Something else happened on
that plane, they bonded,
emotionally in a way that
it's hard to understand.
When did you find out?
- After so many years
of marriage, you,
if you're awake, you
know these things,
at least we women do.
I just knew I was
losing Michael again.
When did you find out?
Mother told me.
- That was honest
of her. (laughs)
- Alan was on tour, my
mother came over for dinner.
She brought over her
famous apple dumplings.
We went and cleaned
the kitchen, and
we went to the dining table, and
poured some tea.
And then she grabbed my hand
and kept saying
that she was sorry,
she was sorry, sorry, and I
was like, "For what, like?"
And then she told me that
she was leaving my father.
And then
she said,
she said-
She said what?
- She said that she was
in love with another man,
that she was in love
with Michael. (cries)
I was sorry.
You didn't know, did you?
I did, sweetie, in my heart.
(slow orchestral music)
It's not your fault,
(cries) it's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
- But it is my fault, I
feel like it's my fault
because it's like, I just
worshiped this man, you know,
the man that saved me.
I mean, you guys used
to come over and visit,
and we'd had so much fun.
I just thought that we were
gonna be friends forever.
Look.
If it was anybody's
fault, it was mine.
We'd been planning on
visiting you for months,
and then I got the offer from
the orchestra to do the solo,
and it was a piece
I'd auditioned with 30 years earlier,
and Michael, Michael
seemed to understand.
He said, "Stay,
darling, you have to.
I'll be fine, fine."
He wasn't fine.
It was always something in him,
something that I
could never quiet.
We could never have another
child, and he just threw himself
into his work at the
hospital, and I with my music,
and we just grew further
and further apart.
If I had to do it all over
again, I'd do it just the same.
But I should have
gone that week.
None of this would
have happened.
You can't blame yourself.
Nor can you.
(slow orchestral
music continues)
- Did Michael ever know that-
That I knew?
No.
Some things are
better left unsaid.
He got sick soon
after coming home,
and any plans he had of
leaving me were soon gone.
And I knew he was here to stay.
(slow orchestral
music continues)
(airplane engine rattles)
(slow orchestral
music continues)
- [Earl] Old McCafferty
didn't do a bad job
for an old horse doctor, did he?
[Michael] What time is it?
[Earl] It's about four.
Are you gonna go
home and sack up?
[Michael] Yeah, I guess so.
I don't know why.
- Well, you're a lot better
off without her, believe me.
You may not think so now,
but, hey, let her go.
I remember when me and
old Carmelita broke up.
I was 7,000 miles away
on an aircraft carrier
with three months of
duty in front of me.
I was so low, I didn't care
about nothing, except flying
and way too much
John Barleycorn.
We just have to get you
back up where you belong.
You'll be okay.
- [Michael] Don't
you have a home?
- You know, that was really
fine work you did last night.
She's a very lucky girl.
[Dr. McCafferty] Lucky to have
first rate medical attention.
- But I didn't do
anything special.
- A good doctor never
does anything special,
he does everything he can.
You were there, you
knew what to do.
- But that doesn't
explain what happened.
Now, you look at this file,
and you tell me what happened,
because I was there and I
don't know what happened.
- All right, you
need an explanation.
Let's see if I can
find you one or two.
How about the snow cushioned her
so she didn't suffer
any cervical damage
or broken ribs, therefore
no internal bleeding.
Or how about, um, her
hypothermia slowed her metabolic rate,
reduced her need for oxygen,
she received CPR and the right
medicine at the right time,
thus preventing
permanent brain damage
from the intracranial edema.
See how easy it is?
I'm very impressed, Doctor.
But that doesn't explain it.
That doesn't explain
what happened.
It doesn't, does it?
No, it doesn't.
You know, Dietrich,
I believe after 30
years of practice,
I've discovered that
doctors don't heal people.
Now, we're there,
we participate,
but it's not up to us
to make people whole.
(Michael sighs)
- If I left here, could
you get along without me?
Oh, well, gee,
yeah, I guess I could
manage somehow, Doctor.
- You've got a little
shaving cream right here.
Where, here?
[Michael] No, right there.
Here?
[Michael] There we go.
Oh.
Thanks.
Thank you, Doctor.
(slow orchestral music)
(car door slams)
(slow orchestral
music continues)
(slow piano music)
(slow piano music continues)
- Sorry I don't have any
dumplings to go with this.
- Oh, (laughs)
you are so wicked.
I swear, I will never eat
another apple dumpling
as long as I live.
(slow piano music)
Have you ever been
able to forgive them?
I think so.
It's tough.
Unfaithfulness has its own
fears and jealousies,
it's never easy.
Nothing quick about forgiveness,
especially for yourself,
but I think I have.
And you, have you forgiven them?
No.
I'm trying to work on it.
I'm just really hurt. (cries)
And that Mom, she finds
about Michael's sickness,
and she does this complete 180,
she's begging for my dad back.
She's saying it's
good for the family.
But he's not responding,
he's so hurt.
He's never forgive her.
Once he left, he's
never coming back.
And then here I am,
counseling people
on their relationships
and marriage and families,
and then I look
at my own family,
and they are so screwed up.
And then Alan, he thinks I
come from this perfect family,
and that we were great
and we went to church,
and then he started
to go to church.
And then he found
out what happened,
and he just thought we
were a bunch of hypocrites.
Are you worried?
Yeah, I am.
He's down under, he has
a number one single.
Of course there's gonna
be groupies everywhere.
I don't know, he wanted
me to come with him,
but I didn't go, and
maybe I should have gone.
Maybe.
- But now I have this practice
and it's up and running
and it's going really good.
But then I have the
best therapist, and now she quit on me.
Oh, no.
- And I have to
take on her load.
- Couldn't you just
Zoom her clients
until you get a replacement?
I suppose.
Then go see him.
I don't know.
What, why not?
Do you need money for a ticket?
No, I'm good, thanks.
Then go see him for a while.
Tell him that you're gonna
keep your eye on him,
and if he so much as touches
one of those groupies,
he won't have a warm
bed to come home to.
(Kiki laughs)
I'm assuming the conjugal
bed is still warm?
- Oh, we have no problems
in that situation. (laughs)
- Oh, good, good,
then go call him.
Tell him that you love
him, that he's your man,
and, you know, you
guys have been in love
since you were kids,
it's in your DNA.
Don't let him go,
don't lose Alan.
I want to call him.
[Laura] Good.
Yeah. (laughs)
- Go in there, that is my
prayer, meditation, yoga room,
sometimes screaming
weeping room,
and you'll be private in there.
[Kiki] Thank you, thank you.
(slow orchestral music)
I love you, Kiki.
I love you too, Laura.
(slow orchestral
music continues)
So I lied to you, my darling.
You'd be up there in
the air with crazy Earl,
flying around for
hours at a time.
I was lonely.
(slow piano music)
Things had grown so cold.
(slow piano music continues)
I was so lonely, empty.
And then Chuck would come over
just to say a friendly hi,
and, uh, then things
got too friendly.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry that I,
that I couldn't love you
the way I was supposed to.
Never make you happy.
That's why I wanted to get away,
it's why I wanted to
come back to New York.
It's why I couldn't
stand going back there,
knowing I'd betrayed you.
(Laura sighs)
I'm so sorry, sweet Michael.
Forgive me, as
I've forgiven you.
(slow piano music continues)
(slow piano music)
(slow orchestral music)
♪ Sometimes things
come too fast ♪
♪ I don't know what to do
♪ How to act responsibly
♪ Or how to see things through
♪ But if I'd been around
earlier that way ♪
♪ I could be quite reasonable
♪ So hear me again while I say
♪ Forgive me again
if I've offended ♪
♪ And turned something
right into up and dead ♪
♪ Muddled what
was comprehended ♪
♪ But the 15th time will
be a different thing ♪
♪ But the 15th time will be
♪ A different thing
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
(slow orchestral music)